chore: add installation via npm (#4)
ryangjchandler/alpine-clipboard: README.md

## Installation

> ### NPM

Reviewer: Can we place the this section _after_ the CDN section please? I'd like to recommend the CDN installation first because that's the simplest and also the same as Alpine's own recommended method.

Author: Moved. 👍

```bash
npm install @ryangjchandler/alpine-clipboard
```

> > Also available via yarn add @ryangjchandler/alpine-clipboard

Reviewer: I don't think we need this note. Most people using `Yarn` will know that it can install all NPM package anyway.

Author: Removed. 👍

> Add `$clipboard` to your project by imported before Alpine.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `$clipboard` magic property to your project by importing the package **before** Alpine.js.
```
